Highlight TiFlash does not support Lightning (#5119)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-overview.md

If the target cluster of data import is v3.x or earlier versions, you need to use the Importer-backend to import data. In this mode, `tidb-lightning` sends the parsed KV pairs to `tikv-importer` via gRPC and `tikv-importer` imports the data.

TiDB Lightning also supports using TiDB-backend for data import. In this mode, `tidb-lightning` transforms data into `INSERT` SQL statements and directly executes them on the target cluster. See [TiDB Lightning Backends](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-backends.md) for details.

> > **Note：**

Reviewer: Suggest adding the information in TiFlash doc as https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/5848 does.

If the target cluster of data import is v3.x or earlier versions, you need to use the Importer-backend to import data. In this mode, `tidb-lightning` sends the parsed KV pairs to `tikv-importer` via gRPC and `tikv-importer` imports the data.

TiDB Lightning also supports using TiDB-backend for data import. In this mode, `tidb-lightning` transforms data into `INSERT` SQL statements and directly executes them on the target cluster. See [TiDB Lightning Backends](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-backends.md) for details.

## Restrictions

> + If you use TiDB Lighting together with TiFlash:
>     - No matter a table has TiFlash replica(s) or not, you can import data to that table using TiDB Lightning. Note that this might slow the TiDB Lightning procedure, which depends on the NIC bandwidth on the lightning host, the CPU and disk load of the TiFlash node, and the number of TiFlash replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use TiDB Lighting together with TiFlash:

No matter a table has TiFlash replica(s) or not, you can import data to that table using TiDB Lightning. Note that this might slow the TiDB Lightning procedure, which depends on the NIC bandwidth on the lightning host, the CPU and disk load of the TiFlash node, and the number of TiFlash replicas.
```

> > **Note：**
> >
> > * For versions earlier than v4.0.6, if you create the TiFlash replica before using TiDB Lightning to import the data, the data import will fail. You must import data to the table before creating the TiFlash replica for the table.
> > * If TiDB and TiDB Lightning are both v4.0.6 or later, no matter a table has TiFlash replica(s) or not, you can import data to that table using TiDB Lightning. Note that this might slow the TiDB Lightning procedure, which depends on the NIC bandwidth on the lightning host, the CPU and disk load of the TiFlash node, and the number of TiFlash replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Restrictions

+ If you use TiDB Lighting together with TiFlash:
    - No matter a table has TiFlash replica(s) or not, you can import data to that table using TiDB Lightning. Note that this might slow the TiDB Lightning procedure, which depends on the NIC bandwidth on the lightning host, the CPU and disk load of the TiFlash node, and the number of TiFlash replicas.
```
